<!-- loio093f2802228641189460e027b010195e -->

# Cache

Find informationn on cache types for the transparent proxy for Kubernetes.



<a name="loio093f2802228641189460e027b010195e__section_fcd_tdx_hcc"/>

## Destination Service Access Token Cache

-   When a request is made to a specific Destination service instance, the associated *SAP Authorization and Trust Management* service access token is stored by the transparent proxy. For future requests, if the stored token is still valid, it is reused, avoiding the need to call the *SAP Authorization and Trust Management* service again. If the stored token is invalid or missing, a new token is retrieved from the access token service and cached.

-   Expiration time: expiration time of the respective OAuth token



<a name="loio093f2802228641189460e027b010195e__section_u2m_3dx_hcc"/>

## Destination Cache

-   SAP BTP destinations are cached by the transparent proxy. Incoming requests are handled more efficiently if the corresponding destination is already cached, eliminating the need to call the Destination service API. If the destination is not in the cache, the Destination service API is called, and the fetched destination is cached for subsequent use.

-   Expiration time: 2 minutes



<a name="loio093f2802228641189460e027b010195e__section_px1_3dx_hcc"/>

## Destination Tokens Cache

-   Tokens for specific destination types \(such as OAuth Authorization code, OAuth Refresh Token, OAuth User Token Exchange, OAuth JWT Bearer, OAuth SAML Bearer Assertion, SAML Assertion, SAP Assertion SSO\) are cached during a request to avoid unnecessary exchanges in the future. If a request comes in and the appropriate destination is already in the cache, it is used directly, bypassing the need to call the Destination service API. If the tokens are not in the cache, a call to the Destination service API is made, and the resulting tokens are then cached.

-   Expiration time: expiration time of the respective OAuth token

> ### Note:  
> If the Destination service or *SAP Authorization and Trust Management* service becomes unavailable, the transparent proxy will continue to use the information it has previously cached, about the destinations and their associated tokens. The cached data will be used until the connection with the Destination service or *SAP Authorization and Trust Management* service can be reestablished or until the tokens are valid. Once the connection is back, the proxy will update its cache with the most recent data. This way, it provides more resilience to temporary failures related to external services.

